README-template.md, before:

# Iris

This is a solution to the [Sunnyside agency landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/sunnyside-agency-landing-page-7yVs3B6ef). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Features ](#features)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### Features

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [Iris](https://aahil13.github.io/Iris/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) - css framework

### What I learned

```html
<h1
  class="text-2xl md:text-6xl mb-6 uppercase tracking-widest font-Fraunces font-[900] py-4"
>
  We are creatives
</h1>
```

```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

Docs: add useful resources section

README-template.md, after:

# Iris

This is a solution to the [Sunnyside agency landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/sunnyside-agency-landing-page-7yVs3B6ef). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Features ](#features)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### Features

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [Iris](https://aahil13.github.io/Iris/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) - css framework

### What I learned

```html
<h1
  class="text-2xl md:text-6xl mb-6 uppercase tracking-widest font-Fraunces font-[900] py-4"
>
  We are creatives
</h1>
```

```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

### Continued development

In this project, I started my journey on knowing and mastering tailwind css. I would love to keep experimenting with it.

### Useful resources

- [Responsitivity](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/responsive-design) - This helped me responsive design in tailwind. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.
- [Traversy media tailwind crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFgzHOX84xQ) - This helped me get a quick start in using the framework from installation to complete usage.



## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**
